Dear sirs:

I am given to understand that you are the folks behind the "One Million Moms" group who have gotten so much media coverage for their efforts in boycotting companies or other organizations which appear to promote acceptance of homosexuality as a tolerable or acceptable thing, with particular attention given to companies which use their position to promote acceptance of same-sex marriage. And I've noticed that you consistently announce opposition to large, well-known entities, and that this gets you considerable media attention. This has led me to wonder whether you are boycotting on principle, or whether you are boycotting in order to drum up attention, and with it donations.

Of course, it's possible that you are only naming large corporations because they're the only ones you happen to become aware of. As it happens, I have a small business which has indeed taken a clear public stand in favor of legal recognition of gay marriage, and I am writing to ask you to please add me to the list of companies you boycott.

You might dismiss this as an attempt to get publicity from what should be a serious topic, but it seems hypocritical for you to complain about that given your own history of cherry-picking your targets for newsworthiness. Even a few minutes of research will quickly show you that this is a position I have sincerely held and advocated for many years. I do think this topic deserves serious discussion and consideration, and frankly, I don't think your emotionally-laden rhetoric qualifies as either.

If you are sincere, you can hardly deny that my company is engaging in the exact sorts of behaviors you claim to be opposed to; perhaps on a small scale, but it's unclear how that should matter. The only reason you might care more about the publicity aspect than the substance of the issue would be if you yourselves are engaged in an exercise in seeking publicity rather than a principled stand on an issue, in which case you are in no position to criticize.

If you are to do this thing, you must do it wholeheartedly. If you don't boycott me, then there is some kind of special exemption involved, and the motives and reasoning of the other boycotts are called into question. My own branch of the Christian tradition places a lot of weight on integrity, truthfulness, and sincerity; if yours does as well, perhaps a reminder of what those would mean given the claims you've made about the underlying social issues will be of use to you.

Whatever your decision ends up being, thank you for your time and attention in reading this letter.

Sincerly,


Seebs