"It goes ding and you feel better." -- Jesse H., noted fantasy author

The Miracle Modus is a source of soothing visual and audio effects. It has a number of modes which create hypnotic displays in vivid colors. I'm autistic, and I have spent ages combing the app store looking for a thing like this, because I find mathematically-patterned rainbow lights very soothing. For me, it erases sensory overload fairly quickly. After I showed it to a couple of friends and they had similar experiences, I decided to publish it.

The first time you open the app, it will make a bit of noise and draw a bunch of lines, squares, and hexes. Once it's done this it should have a guess as to how fast your device is, and be able to perform decently. This is a little unreliable still; improvements are planned.

More testimonials from users:
"I can stop watching this whenever I want to, I just don't want to right now." -- Magical Princess Lory, webcomic artist
"It changed my life and perception. Whether it was for the best remains to be seen." -- brightwave, app developer
"I was so overloaded my face went numb and I couldn't get up off the couch, so he showed me the app and said to give it a try, and I felt relaxed for the first time in days. If you are stuck on the couch whimpering, try to slide this app under your prostrate face as soon as possible." -- Luka D., webcomic artist
"It's so cool I can't even look at it." - Lerg, app developer

SETTINGS:
Double-tap in any corner to bring up the settings page. This allows you to change (or disable) the sounds, enable or disable modes you like, re-run the benchmark phase if you think it got bogus results. Feel free to report performance issues; tell me what device you've got, and what it's doing.

You can disable modes you don't like; to see settings, double-tap in a corner of the display. Most modes are at least a little interactive, but sometimes it is pretty subtle.

SUPPORT:
See the support page. Feel free to email suggestions for display modes you'd like to see, I enjoy writing new display modes.

KNOWN ISSUES:
Performance is not as reliable as I'd like.

PRICING:
The app is free. There's an in-app purchase available called "thanks". It does not get you any new features or functions, it just increases my chances of working on the app more.

ABOUT THE NAME:
The name "Miracle Modus" is used by kind permission of Andrew Hussie. It is a reference to a device in his webcomic "Homestuck".